c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\obj\Debug\PPRProject.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.WebUI.dll.config
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.WebUI.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.Domain.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.Domain.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\obj\Debug\PPRProject.WebUI.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\obj\Debug\PPRProject.WebUI.pdb
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.WebUI.dll.config
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.WebUI.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.WebUI.pdb
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.Domain.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\WebActivator.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.Domain.pdb
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.Domain.dll.config
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.pdb
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\obj\Debug\PPRProject.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\obj\Debug\PPRProject.WebUI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\obj\Debug\PPRProject.WebUI.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\obj\Debug\PPRProject.WebUI.pdb
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.WebUI.dll.config
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.WebUI.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.WebUI.pdb
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.Domain.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\WebActivator.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.Domain.pdb
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.pdb
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\obj\Debug\PPRProject.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\obj\Debug\PPRProject.WebUI.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\obj\Debug\PPRProject.WebUI.pdb
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.WebUI.dll.config
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.WebUI.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.WebUI.pdb
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.Domain.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\WebActivator.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.Domain.pdb
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.Domain.dll.config
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.pdb
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\obj\Debug\PPRProject.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\obj\Debug\PPRProject.WebUI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\obj\Debug\PPRProject.WebUI.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\obj\Debug\PPRProject.WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.WebUI.dll.config
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.WebUI.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\PPRProject.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.pdb
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\obj\Debug\PPRProject.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\obj\Debug\PPRProject.WebUI.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.WebUI\obj\Debug\PPRProject.WebUI.pdb
