c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\obj\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.dll.config
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\obj\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.dll
c:\users\piotrek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\obj\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.pdb
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.dll.config
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.pdb
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\WebActivator.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\obj\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\obj\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\obj\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.dll
j:\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\obj\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.pdb
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.dll.config
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.pdb
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\WebActivator.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\obj\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\obj\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\obj\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.pdb
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.dll.config
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.pdb
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\WebActivator.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\obj\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\obj\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\obj\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.dll
X:\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\obj\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.dll.config
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\obj\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\obj\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Piotrek\Desktop\ProjektPPR\PPR2\ProjektPPR\PPRProject\PPRProject.Domain\obj\Debug\PPRProject.Domain.pdb
